My capstone project is a slide image database. It allows slide images to be stored, searched and downloaded. 
It was built to store histological images. Histological slide images are fairly large files (roughly 1GB), making it difficult to share easily via email or USB (long copy/ paste times). Typically they are labelled with a random number and that number corresponds to a hardcopy report filled in at the time of specimen collection. Manually searching and matching up slide and case numbers takes a lot of time. With this platform, when the image is scanned it is uploaded to a database, and the corresponding information is captured with it. 
The site contains a login page where users sign in. There is no registration page. To gain access a user (who is able to sign on new users) must sign you up. This is done to protect patient privacy. Only users can view and download the deidentified information.
The index page contains the search bar. Users are able to search using a variety of fields; both individually and in combination.  Users are then able to open the search results to view more image information.
The image page contains more information as well as a link to download the image and a comments section. The image does not open on the image page as it is an .svs file type which due to size and complexity can be slow and resource intensive to open in browsers. Also it is incredibly complicated to build that functionality. It was considered, however weighing the pros and cons it was decided against. The images are downloaded and worked with offline on purpose-built medical imaging software, which contains a variety of features beyond simply viewing the image. There are also more work-guidelines and familiarity for working with the offline imaging software. The main issue this site is trying to address is the access to specific large image files not viewing.
The comments section allows users to add additional information to the slide. Users are not allowed to edit any of the slide information; this is done by the administrator who uploads the slide. If there is incorrect or out-dated information they wish to amend, they may leave a comment. The comments are dated so users can see the information change over time as medical knowledge and standards improve. Each comment links to the commenters’ user profile to allow users to contact each other.
The profile page displays user information, which may be edited. This is also where users sign up new users. 
Distinctiveness and Complexity
I think this site is distinct as there are not many systems which allow for the storage and search of these histological images. It is a fairly niche field. I think the ability to comment is also a distinct feature, which will allow the site to gain information from its users rather than just display the limited information that was available at the time of upload.
The site has many complex features. The search feature is the main one. It allows to search either using just one field or by chaining many fields together. The system to tissue relationship also means that once a system is selected only the appropriate tissues are searchable.  This one-to-many relationship is displayed using JavaScript. This allows it to change during use without having to made additional calls to the server. The comments section also uses JavaScript to post comments to server; this allows the latest comments to pop up without the user having to refresh the page manually. 
To run the program, runserver, login and search using as many or few search fields as you desire.